[narrator] How did it get to this?
That's the question we often ask ourselves
after things have become so bad,
so fucked up that the only solution,
like, the only cure,
seems to be simply to run away somewhere,
start again from scratch,
just leave everything behind.
See, but the truth is often times
it isn't just one definitive action
or choice that brings us to disaster
in the first place.
Nah.
Nah, see,
it's more like a series of events,
like, bad choices, poor decisions even,
that end up leading us deeper and deeper,
further and further
down the rabbit hole we go.
Going... gone.
[foreboding trap music]
Have you even slept?
Nah, not really, maybe,
like, half an hour or summin'.
Where are we?
Surreyston.
-[distant sirens]
-[Gogo sighs]
I can't believe things
have gotten this bad.
I don't know what to do.
Look, I'm just trying to see this
as a new start for us, you know?
I just want to turn this into
summin' positive, we have to.
'Cause we can't stay here anymore,
you understand?
Well, what about my mum?
My... brother, my sisters?
I... I don't get to see them?
Like, they won't even be there
when our baby's born.
[sighs]
Was it all worth it?
All of this?
Was it all worth it, Gogo?
Look, babe...
I don't even know what to say.
Look, I know I did it again.
Yeah, I fucked up.
Yeah, I fucked up again.
Like, I know, I get it.
And look, I know
I haven't been the ideal man or...
or perfect boyfriend either
for you, like...
Look, you blatantly deserve better,
alright?
That much is obvious.
[scoffs] I mean, look at me.
I'm a fuck-up.
You ain't gotta say nuttin', it's true.
I know it, you know it.
Shit, man,
your whole fucking family knows it, like.
But I'm trying, you know?
Look, I'm really trying.
I'm trying to look at this
as a new start for us, Jess.
Like, no more scheming, no more stealing,
no more nuffin'!
Look, I'm not trying
to make no more decisions for Gogo.
No more, Jess!
Yeah, I'm trying to make decisions
for Hugo now, as a man!
Listen, babe,
I just need you to trust me on this.
Yeah? I just need you
to do me this one favor.
OK, I can't do this without you.
I need you with me on this, please.
It's me and you side by side, yeah?
We're gonna make it through this,
I promise.
OK, you and me.
Shit! Oh, my necklace!
-Shit, shit, shit!
-[horn honks]
Babe, I need to find it!
I-I can't... I've just lost it...
Listen, listen, listen, listen.
Look, I gotta go.
It's been in my family for decades.
The last time I had it was at the flat.
Look, listen, babe, listen.
My Uber's here, yeah?
I'm not gonna be long, OK? I just
need to grab that passport for us, yeah?
I need to find it.
We'll find it as soon as we get back,
I promise, I promise.
Babe, I need to find it. Please
don't be long, OK? It's important, yeah?
I'll be as fast as I can, yeah?
Alright, I love you.
I love you too.
It's important.
[whistling]
[knocking]
Hey, we're closed.
-[whistles]
-What, even for me?
[somber music]
[laughs]
Yo!
Gogo!
The prince has returned!
[scoffs] If I'm the prince,
then who's the king, fam?
True.
It's been a long time, boy.
Yeah, man, it's been a minute.
You alright?
Yeah, man, I'm good.
Surviving.
Surviving?
You just asked me for a passport
the other day. [laughs]
What's the matter with you?
What you gone and done?
There's something you're not telling me.
[tense trap music]
♪ Yo, you've been a big bro to me ♪
♪ And I can't repay you for it ♪
♪ Times when I crossed that line
You checked me ♪
♪ I could not hate you for it ♪
♪ You'll never change
When the skies are grey ♪
♪ Real friends are so hard to find ♪
♪ Bro, I'm having a baby
I can't be out here wasting time ♪
♪ I'm about to leave with my girl and baby
We're about to take that flight ♪
♪ I did something that's crazy
I know nuffin' can make it right ♪
♪ I'm in too deep in the streets
I wake up covered in sweats at night ♪
-What's going on, man?
-♪ You've seen me change ♪
♪ From boy to a man
Trust me, that took some time ♪
♪ Wait! Hold up!
Slow it up, you just rolled up ♪
♪ You got a problem,
Don't run away, or fold up ♪
-♪ Be a grown-up ♪
-♪ But I'm smarter and I'm older ♪
♪ Got the weight
Of the world on my shoulder ♪
-♪ Got a lot on my plate and... ♪
-♪ Yo, you're a soldier ♪
♪ From when you was younger I told you ♪
♪ Cold world and it's gonna get colder ♪
♪ Yeah, for real
I've gotta be a solider ♪
♪ I can't raise my child round here
Shit's fucked up ♪
♪ What about when she's older? ♪
♪ I need to change my life
I'm taking steps, I'm sick of this shit! ♪
♪ I'm fading quick! ♪
♪ Yeah, you can't heal in the same
Environment that's making you sick ♪
♪ So what's the plan? What's the motive? ♪
♪ Where you going? Now you're ghosting ♪
♪ Back to the homeland
I was kinda hoping ♪
♪ 'Cause Jessica's belly showing
Yeah, the baby's fast approaching ♪
♪ Yeah, you mentioned, how you coping? ♪
♪ To be honest it's crazy stress and now
I've got myself in this crazy mess ♪
♪ Lately I've been fearing death
I keep thinking I may be next ♪
♪ Mmm, yeah, they say
Life is a game of chess ♪
♪ Leave the hood, it may be best ♪
♪ I just want to make sure
That my family's blessed ♪
-♪ So stack your Ps and then invest ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ No excuses, no laziness ♪
♪ Just finesse and cash them checks ♪
♪ Yeah, I know, life's like a sandwich ♪
♪ However you flip it
The bread comes first ♪
♪ Nah, bro, life is a blessing ♪
♪ If you don't learn your lesson
You'll end up worse! ♪
♪ Nah, man, I cherish my blessings ♪
♪ But sometimes
I feel like my life's been cursed ♪
♪ Bro, don't live your life in reverse ♪
♪ Leaving here hurts
But don't wanna end up in the dirt ♪
So you're leaving now-now, yeah?
[Gogo] Yeah, man.
You know what I'm saying,
just gonna go pick up Jess,
just head straight to the airport.
[AP] Alright, cool, cool. Follow me.
I am gonna miss you, boy.
[Gogo] Yeah, same here, man.
Take a seat, bro.
Alright, let me tell you a story.
Well, it's not so much
a story, as like... real life.
I was watching this documentary
a little while ago, like.
It was about these hunters
in the Kalahari Desert.
And how they hunted these monkeys, well,
they're not monkeys,
they're baboons, yeah?
So, what they do is they carve
a hole in the tree, 'bout this big,
and stick melon seeds and that in there.
Apparently, these monkeys...
these baboons, love melon seeds.
Mmm.
So, this hunter
places the melon seeds in the hole,
makes sure the baboon sees him doing it.
Then he kicks back. He hides.
He sits, he waits.
See, now baboons are curious by nature.
And this one particular baboon,
he's seen this guy
put something in this hole,
and now he's come to investigate.
Checks the coast is clear,
then he goes up to the tree.
So he puts his hand in. [sniffs]
He can smell it. Mmm!
Knows it's good,
it's the good stuff.
He's clear.
He grabs it! He's got it!
Everything he desires,
everything he wants.
-Mmm.
-And now it's his.
See now, he tries to pull out.
But he can't.
He's pulling.
He wants to get it out, but he can't.
He's stuck.
See, now the hunter, he's smart.
He designed the hole
so only an empty hand
could come slide in and out.
Baboon, he's screaming, struggling.
He's going crazy
'cause he feels he's been trapped.
But in reality, he's trapped himself.
He could just let go and be free,
but he doesn't, 'cause he's greedy.
He's consumed.
Holding on for dear life. He can't let go.
Now the hunter,
knowing the baboon's trapped, comes back.
Does what a hunter does.
And you know what?
Documentary got me thinking...
'bout us.
About how we trap ourselves.
No one else.
Just us.
We do it to ourselves.
And if you want to be free...
I mean, really free,
from negativity, the bullshit...
you've just got to let go.
It's that simple.
[sighs]
[somber music]
About 7K in there.
Call it a leaving present.
Hey, yo, for real, thanks, bro.
I can't take this, man. You've done enough
for me as it is already, like.
Are we friends, or are we brothers?
Exactly.
Don't count the money.
Make the money count.
So where you going?
Need a lift to the airport?
Nah. Nah, I'm good, bro.
Got a stop I need to make first, innit?
Yeah, summin' you said
made me realize summin'.
Listen, man,
you've always been kind to me, bro.
And I've realized that
it's not an easy thing to be
when you're from where we're from.
So just know that I appreciate that.
Just remember, bro, I love you, bro.
Come on.
Look after, yeah?
Come on, bro.
[distant car horn]
[foreboding music]
[phone vibrates]
Yo.
Yeah, who's this?
Where?
What, right now?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Say nothing, say no more.
[tense music]
[sighs]
[engine revving]
[brakes squeaking]
[indistinct chatter]
[foreboding music]
Yo, what's good?
You know, you're a very lucky guy,
you know, Gogo?
Yeah, why's that?
'Cause you've been hiding from me,
and I was about to come looking for you.
-I ain't been--
-And trust me...
You don't want a man like me
looking for you.
I ain't been hiding from you, Slim.
I've got nothing to hide.
Anyway, here you go.
It's the watch, innit?
[chuckles] You trying to set me up?
Nah.
You sure?
And you don't want nothing from this, no?
Nah, I'm good. It's yours.
Nothing good
could really come from it anyway,
not after what happened, so nah, keep it.
I'm just trying to put all this behind me
now anyway, move on.
But I just want what's mine, Slim.
That's it.
The money from all the other jobs we did.
I'm owed that much.
It's my money, I've earned it.
Just give that to me at least,
give that to me and I'm gone, bro.
Can't lie, this is one bad boy watch.
Would have been worth
at least one more duppy in my opinion.
[tense music]
[chuckles]
So you saying to me though?
You want to be out?
Just like that?
So what, you've just
grown a conscience overnight?
You think it's that easy, yeah?
Gogo, you know the first time
I actually killed someone?
[trap music plays]
♪ When I caught a body
I was 13 years of age ♪
♪ Had a man's DNA on my blade! ♪
♪ Wasn't even scared or even fazed ♪
[laughs]
♪ Watched him die
Looked him dead in his face ♪
-Alright, Slim, man--
-Shut up.
♪ From then my heart been cold ♪
♪ I kill for fun, I do it for money
I do it for gold ♪
♪ And now you're telling me
I've got to put my plans on hold ♪
♪ 'Cause you've grown a conscience ♪
♪ And this life don't sit right
With your soul? ♪
[scoffs] ♪ You don't know ♪
♪ I'm that killer
And I'm telling you straight ♪
♪ You're still involved ♪
♪ You knew the cost, you knew the stake
You play your role ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm that boss ♪
♪ We ain't no mates
Just play the role ♪
♪ I gave you the watch
I said I'm done ♪
♪ I don't know what you've been planning
I just want my cut for the old moves ♪
♪ Forget me and bring your next man in!
My heart's not in it ♪
♪ I can't do this no more
But I'm telling you, bro ♪
♪ All the P in the world
Ain't worth my soul ♪
♪ Look, Slim, how many moves are enough? ♪
♪ We robbed bare man
And bare man got touched ♪
♪ Doors got rushed
Man on the floor ♪
♪ Witness hushed. Man got-- ♪
♪ So? Who gives a fuck? ♪
♪ This is the life you chose ♪
♪ You live by the knife or the pole
Fam, you already know ♪
♪ You're talking like a bitch
Why the fuck have you froze? ♪
♪ God only knows why you did that
But now reality's just hit man ♪
♪ I saw my life flash
When the stick banged ♪
♪ My child's on the way
I can't miss that ♪
♪ I know how things go
When you live that ♪
♪ Life on the road, can't risk that ♪
-♪ Every day I pray, I just wish that... ♪
-♪ Wish what? ♪
♪ Listen, you're losing your mind, mate ♪
♪ You can say what you want, I don't care
We're doing this my way ♪
♪ You ain't done
You're done when I say ♪
[music fades]
You hear me?
It's when I say. No sooner, no later.
[Slim scoffs]
Let me ask you a question, Gogo.
Be honest with me and I might
just let you call all this quits.
You think you're better than me, innit?
Be honest.
Define better.
Better, innit, man? Come on.
Better morals, better person.
Just better, innit, you know?
-Yeah, I do still.
-[scoffs]
I know still. I knew that
from the first day I met you, my guy.
I knew you just thought
you was better than everyone.
Thought you were special.
Think you're this good guy.
You see the difference with me,
I don't put on no front.
I'm just me.
I don't think I'm special.
I definitely don't think
I'm better than no one else.
But you see, you...
you're just a liar.
A little bitch.
And I've seen up your skirt, bro.
Nah... You ain't special.
You definitely ain't no good guy either.
You're just a selfish, corrupted,
rotten piece of shit, just like me.
Nah. I ain't nuttin' like you.
Yeah, I'm a good person, yeah?
Do you think anyone gives a shit
about you being good, bro?
Alright, cool.
Maybe I'm not a good person then.
I can live with that.
But listen, man,
I've answered your questions,
so my money, when can I get that?
You've seen me do a lot of things
you know, Gogo.
You know a lot of my secrets.
Put it this way, that type of shit
man takes to the grave with them.
So you can understand
when a man like you says to me
that you want your money and you're gone.
That shit don't mean nuttin' to me, bro.
The fact is, you ain't gone.
You're still here.
Living, breathing...
Well, for now anyway.
Bad things happen to good people
all the time.
[gun cocks]
[tense music]
[chuckles] Nah, I'm joking, my guy, man.
We all good.
You answered my questions
and you gave me back what's mine.
So we good, man.
When you about later?
I'll drop off this paper to you.
Depends. Later when?
Whenever, bro, whenever.
In the next few hours, yeah.
But I'm not in town after nine though,
I'm heading out somewhere.
Couple hours, calm. It's alright.
But if you can't make it,
don't worry about it.
I'll come and find you.
Guess I'll be seeing you soon then.
Or you might not see me coming at all.
[chuckles]
Yo, Gogo.
Stay safe, man.
Remember...
It's a jungle out there, my guy.
Little nerd.
[engine rumbling]
[phone rings]
[Willow] Hello?
Yeah, I can see him, you know.
Alright, cool.
[foreboding music]
[phone line ringing]
You man there?
Alright, just wait a couple hours.
Go on.
[keys jangling]
[door opens]
[tense music]
[distant sirens]
Oh, thank God!
[horn honks]
[sighs]
[door opens]
-[knocking on door]
-[gasps]
[knocking on door]
[woman] Hi. I'm sorry to bother you.
I'm here collecting for my local charity
Our Fresh Start.
It's a charity providing young people
from broken homes with counselling.
If you haven't got anything it's fine,
I'll...
No, it's, um, it's OK. Um...
I should have a little something.
Just give me one sec, yeah?
[exhales]
Ah, yo, boss, ain't there another way
around or something like that, bro?
This is taking long.
Fucking hell, man.
I'm so sorry, it's not much.
I looked everywhere--
[Jess screaming]
-[man] Open the fucking door!
-[Jess crying]
Open this door!
I'll fucking bust your head open!
Open the fucking door, blud!
Oi, you bitch!
[Jess screaming]
[man] Don't fucking close the door, bitch!
[man] Oh, fuck!
Open this door now!
[banging on door]
Don't close the door, you bitch!
[banging on door, sobbing]
[crying, stuttering]
[banging on door]
[phone ringing]
-Hello, hello? Hey, what?
-[Jess] Please, come quick!
They're trying to break in!
They're kicking down the door!
Hey, yo, hey, yo.
Where are you? Where are you?
-[man] Open the fucking door, bitch!
-I'm at the flat! Come, please!
Hey, yo, hey, yo, boss, spin this round,
spin this round! Ah, fuck this, man!
Nah.
So when's the next time
I'm seeing you though, man?
[door shuts]
Nah, I can't do today, man.
I've got to drop something off in a bit.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Yo, leave the change on the table!
Yeah, yeah.
Who do you think, man, guess.
Yeah, man. Just like that,
I'm on daddy duties now, babes, it's mad.
What? Of course I can cook. Are you mad?
'Cause I ain't had no reason to before,
innit?
But why would I cook for you though?
[chuckles]
Nah, I'm joking, man.
But it's gonna take some time, man.
A lot of mending to do, you know?
[doorbell rings]
About fucking time, bruv.
Stupid pizza place, you know?
Fifteen minutes they said, you know.
They're taking the piss, blud.
Been waiting for this fucking pizza
for like a hour now, you know?
Yo, gimme this, man. One second, babe.
You lot are taking the piss.
Here's what I'm saying to you,
'cause I've had enough now.
Listen, tell your boss,
you see the next time one of his workers
take long with my food?
I'm going to do some real ignorant shit
to one of his drivers.
You hear what I'm saying to you?
[sucks teeth]
[mutters] Flippin' pisspot, man.
Yeah, babe, I am.
Nah, babe, man. They're taking the piss.
You know how much times
they've done this to me?
Talking about last week, the week before.
Starting to take this shit personal now,
man, serious now.
[doorbell rings]
Yo! Get the door!
Tell them I ain't giving them
no more money, man!
Dead pizza's cold anyway, again.
Taking the piss, man.
I don't know why I pay for this shit
anyway, you know?
Should just rob them like they rob me.
It's dead anyway, man.
Nah, I know I shouldn't, man.
But fuck it anyway. What was I saying now?
Yeah, so you're living with me now.
But things have got
to change up round here.
Open the fucking door!
[Slim]
Responsibilities and all that, you know?
Can't be doing this shit forever,
you know?
Man always have to stay woke
and be ready at all times, you know?
Open the door!
[Jess crying]
[Slim] But you see
the things that you do in the past,
have got a strange way
of haunting you in the future.
Just the way it is, man. Karma's a bitch.
-Open the fucking...
-Buss the gun, Bully!
[gunshots]
[Jess crying]
[Slim] Yeah, not gonna lie,
kind of looking forward
to the whole fatherhood shit, man.
I think me and little man
are gonna get on just fine.
He's young, man, so it's not too late
to show him the right way, you know?
I mean, all he has to do is the opposite
to everything I've done in my life
and he should be good, man.
I'm the living example
of the wrong way to--
Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut!
It's hot, it's hot!
-[gun clicks]
-[sucks teeth] Fuck.
[woman on phone] Babe, are you OK?
Hello?
Oh, my God, baby, are you OK? Hello?
[phone ringing]
Yeah. Did you get the watch?
What the fuck do you mean, man?
Bro, you had one fucking job, man!
Fuck's sake, man! Fuck's sake, fuck, man!
Fuck, fuck, fuck! Fuck's sake!
Should have done it my fucking self!
[sighs]
Fuck, fuck, fuck!
[door opens]
Hey, Jess! Jess! Jess!
Open the door, it's me, it's Gogo!
-[Gogo shouting]
-[Jess sputtering]
Open the door, open the door,
open the door.
[Jess crying]
Baby, baby, baby, it's alright,
it's alright. I'm here. I'm here, yeah?
You OK? You OK?
What happened, what happened?
You OK? Are you OK?
I'm here now, I'm here now,
I'm here now, I'm here now. I'm here now,
I'm here now. It's OK, it's OK.
You're safe, you're safe, yeah?
[Jess breathing heavily]
-Jess...
-What?
-Babe, babe, babe, baby, baby.
-[Jess groans]
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Babe, babe, babe, babe.
Babe! Fuck!
Babe, babe, babe, babe, no!
Please. Jess, Jess, Jess,
Jess, Jess, Jess.
Please, please, please.
You're fine, you're fine, you're fine.
Someone help!
Someone!
Jess, Jess, Jess, Jess, Jess.
It's fine, it's fine, it's fine.
You're gonna be fine, alright?
Listen, I promise you,
you're gonna be fine.
Yo, hello? Hello?
I need an ambulance now!
D'you understand what I'm saying to you?
[narrator] Time.
If by some miracle
I could go back in time,
speak with my younger self,
what could I tell a young, stubborn,
hot-headed 14-year-old boy
who thinks the world's against him?
A kid who pretends to know it all
but in reality,
in reality he's shit scared
'cause he hasn't got a clue.
No. Listen, listen, listen... [stammers]
Please, I just need you
to fucking come here now, please!
What could I possibly tell him
that'll make a difference?
Hmm, let me think.
I think I'll tell him this.
I'd say, not everyone
who's against you is your enemy,
and not everyone who's with you
is your friend.
Just pick your company wisely.
Look, baby, baby, it's gonna be OK,
it's gonna be OK.
Look, man, you heard
what the fuck I said?
And learn a discipline,
learn how to fight, use your fists.
Trust me, even if you never have
to throw a real punch in your life,
the discipline and commitment
you'll learn from it will help you
with the much more important battles,
battles you'll be fighting
every day of your life.
Look, man,
I told you, hurry the fuck up, man!
And read. Read every book
you possibly can, man.
The long boring ones,
the controversial ones,
even the ones that might
not at first make any sense.
Just read.
It turns out it's true what they say,
knowledge really is power.
[Gogo pleading]
When you're angry,
be silent if you can't be calm.
[Gogo] Fuck off, man!
Please, please, please!
And know this much,
if you wait until you think you're well
and truly ready,
you'll be waiting
for the rest of your life. So do it now.
That's what I'm trying
to fucking say to you, man!
And try not to swear too.
In fact, try to perfect your bad habits
before you have kids.
See, children don't hear us,
like, they actually imitate us,
and if you don't get it right,
it's like...
it's like a vicious cycle, man,
just history repeating itself,
again and again.
[screaming, crying]
Please, please.
Please, please, please, please.
Dream. Dream so big
you feel uncomfortable telling your dreams
to small-minded people.
Dream big and then you chase those dreams,
even when they laugh and joke
and make you feel like
they're the most unrealistic,
idiotic ideas in the whole entire world.
Yo, chase them, trust me.
Chase them like there's no tomorrow.
[Gogo] It's fine, it's fine, it's fine.
Someone help!
'Cause most kids nowadays just dream about
being professional YouTubers.
There's no more astronauts around anymore.
Don't let her go.
No matter how many times you argue,
no matter how many times she
packs that bag, don't let that girl go.
She's the best thing
that'll ever happen to you.
You just don't know it yet.
[distant sirens]
[Gogo crying, Jess muttering]
Travel. Whenever you get the opportunity,
travel. Trust me.
Step out of your comfort zone,
see the world.
You'll come back a changed man,
mark my words.
You'll see the world's bigger
than any beef you have
or any postcode or borough you're from.
The world's a beautiful place, man.
You deserve to see it one day.
[banging head and groaning]
Oh, and cry. Just from time to time,
let it all out. It won't hurt.
You'll be OK.
Don't let people
make you feel less than them,
or even hopeless
just because of what they think of you.
Nah. You should feel proud in fact,
proud of where you've come from,
because it's your journey.
It belongs to you, so be patient,
with a beautiful patience.
You have so much potential, man.
You just haven't realized it yet.
You will though in time.
Look, no one's got all the answers,
like, no one,
but if you don't learn
from what killed your father,
that same thing will kill you.
Jess, Jess, Jess. It's fine, it's fine,
it's fine, it's fine. It's fine.
Listen, listen,
you know what I'm telling you.
I already told you where
the fucking street is!
And never underestimate
the power of an apology.
It works wonders
when it's said from the heart.
[Gogo] I'm sorry, I'm sorry! It's my
fault. It's my fault, Jess! I'm sorry!
Tell him you love him now.
Not tomorrow, not next week.
Tell him now,
because later, later you might
not be able to tell him at all.
Jess, it's gonna be fine.
It's gonna be fine.
[Jess moaning]
The respect you think you've earned
in the streets as a result of the fear
or how many people you've hurt
will be long forgotten,
and no one will even care
by the time you're 36, to be honest.
Instead it will be your compassion
and your willingness to help others.
That's what you'll be respected
and remembered for. So be kind.
Raise beautiful children.
Inside and out.
Bless your food before you eat it.
Oh, and lastly, when it's your time to go,
remember that none of it comes with you,
like none of it.
We leave it all behind.
Every. Single. Thing.
See, nothing in this life is ever owned.
It's simply borrowed.
We have to give it all back when we leave.
[Gogo crying, Jess moaning]
[scoffs] Ah, man.
I wish I could go back in time
and tell my younger self exactly that.
That everything is borrowed,
including time.
I think it would have made all the
difference to me knowing that back then,
[distant sirens]
I know it would have in fact.
[narrator sighs] Back in time.
Yeah, that's exactly
what we have to do right now.
Go back in time. To when it all began.
[clock ticking]
[clock ticking slows]
[phone taking photos]
I'm telling you,
no matter what filter I slap on,
no matter what the lighting looks like,
you're always gonna look slapped.
Nah, man, let me see these, man.
Oi, these are dead, bruv. What you doing?
You didn't get the chain in proper, man?
Bro, you think you're bad
with this chain, man?
My ting's icy, fam.
Look at the diamonds, cuz.
Gyal I'm gonna draw on this chain?
You're stupid blud.
Bro, furthermore, cuz,
you're wearing black, bro.
Moving like you've got no personality.
Nah. That's 'cause I'm serious.
Nah, bro, you're not a serious guy, man.
My ting's different anyway.
Listen, you know what?
Take some more pictures and that.
This time make sure
you get it proper, man.
Are you getting the chain properly though,
yeah? Getting the diamonds and shit.
Keep banging on about your chain.
[Marcus] Get the diamonds in.
Make sure you get the diamonds in.
[police siren blares]
Hello, ladies. Sorry to bother ya.
Just wondering if you could help us out.
I don't suppose either of yous two
know anything about a bike robbery
that happened around here yesterday,
do ya?
Nah.
Do you?
[chuckles]
-He's funny, ain't he, Mike?
-Yeah, John.
Last funny boys we had
lost their fucking teeth, didn't they?
They did. Get the lie dec out, Mike.
See if these pussies
are telling the truth.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[electricity crackling]
Fuck it!
Mike! Oi!
[indistinct radio chatter]
[rumbling]
Something feels different.
Yo, that was mad, man.
Where did you even run to?
Where did you go?
Oi, where you from?
Nah, I'm not even from round here.
Give me this, man!
Hey, remember my name pussy, yeah?
-Yeah, remember it.
-Shorty, yeah?
[theme music]